We gratefully ackowledge that the source code for the irregular terrain model
(ITM), the extended Hata (eHata) model and the ITU-R P.528-5 model was
developped by the US National Telecommunications and Information Administration
(NTIA).

Files under the src/ntia_itm/, src/ntia_ehata/, src/ntia_p528/src/ and
src/ntia_p528/include/ directories is source code from the NTIA. Provided 
crc-covlib.dll, iturp528.dll and iturp528.so binary files were built in part
using source code from the NTIA.

These files are provided under the following notice:

    SOFTWARE DISCLAIMER / RELEASE

    This software was developed by employees of the National Telecommunications
    and Information Administration (NTIA), an agency of the Federal Government
    and is provided to you as a public service. Pursuant to Title 15 United
    States Code Section 105, works of NTIA employees are not subject to
    copyright protection within the United States.

    The software is provided by NTIA “AS IS.” NTIA MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY
    KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE
    IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
    NON-INFRINGEMENT AND DATA ACCURACY. NTIA does not warrant or make any
    representations regarding the use of the software or the results thereof,
    including but not limited to the correctness, accuracy, reliability or
    usefulness of the software.

    To the extent that NTIA holds rights in countries other than the United
    States, you are hereby granted the non-exclusive irrevocable and
    unconditional right to print, publish, prepare derivative works and
    distribute the NTIA software, in any medium, or authorize others to do so
    on your behalf, on a royalty-free basis throughout the World.

    You may improve, modify, and create derivative works of the software or any
    portion of the software, and you may copy and distribute such modifications
    or works. Modified works should carry a notice stating that you changed the
    software and should note the date and nature of any such change.

    You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and
    distributing the software and you assume all risks associated with its use,
    including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors,
    compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or
    equipment, and the unavailability or interruption of operation. This
    software is not intended to be used in any situation where a failure could
    cause risk of injury or damage to property.

    Please provide appropriate acknowledgments of NTIA’s creation of the
    software in any copies or derivative works of this software.

https://github.com/NTIA/itm
https://github.com/NTIA/ehata
https://github.com/NTIA/p528

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We gratefully ackowledge that the src/RTree.h file was obtained from
https://github.com/nushoin/RTree, and accepted under the MIT license.
Provided crc-covlib.dll binary file was built in part using this file.

    Copyright (c) 2024 Yariv Barkan

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
    copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”),
    to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
    the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
    and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
    Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
    FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
    DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

GeographicLib is redistributed in binary form as a statically linked dependency
to crc-covlib's binary (crc-covlib.dll).

This license applies to GeographicLib.

    The MIT License (MIT).

    Copyright (c) 2008-2023, Charles Karney
    
    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
    copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
    to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
    the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
    and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
    Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
    
    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
    
    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
    THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
    FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
    DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

https://geographiclib.sourceforge.io/

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LibTIFF is redistributed in binary form as a statically linked dependency to
crc-covlib's binary (crc-covlib.dll).

This license applies to LibTIFF.

    LibTIFF License
    
    Copyright © 1988-1997 Sam Leffler
    Copyright © 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc.
    
    Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
    documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
    (i) the above copyright notices and this permission notice appear in all
    copies of the software and related documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam
    Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be used in any advertising or
    publicity relating to the software without the specific, prior written
    permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics.
    
    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS,
    IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF
    MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
    
    IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
    INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES
    WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT
    ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
    ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
    SOFTWARE.

http://www.libtiff.org

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Independent JPEG Group's software (libjpeg) is redistributed in binary form
as a statically linked dependency to crc-covlib's binary (crc-covlib.dll).

This license applies to libjpeg.

    LICENSE TERMS (ships as a part of the libjpeg package in the README file)
    =============

    1. We don't promise that this software works.  (But if you find any bugs,
    please let us know!)
    2. You can use this software for whatever you want.  You don't have to pay
    us.
    3. You may not pretend that you wrote this software.  If you use it in a
    program, you must acknowledge somewhere in your documentation that
    you've used the IJG code.

    In legalese:

    The authors make NO WARRANTY or representation, either express or implied,
    with respect to this software, its quality, accuracy, merchantability, or
    fitness for a particular purpose.  This software is provided "AS IS", and
    you, its user, assume the entire risk as to its quality and accuracy.

    This software is copyright (C) 1991-2016, Thomas G. Lane, Guido Vollbeding.
    All Rights Reserved except as specified below.

    Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
    software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to
    these conditions:
    (1) If any part of the source code for this software is distributed, then
    this README file must be included, with this copyright and no-warranty
    notice unaltered; and any additions, deletions, or changes to the original
    files must be clearly indicated in accompanying documentation.
    (2) If only executable code is distributed, then the accompanying
    documentation must state that "this software is based in part on the work
    of the Independent JPEG Group".
    (3) Permission for use of this software is granted only if the user accepts
    full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the authors accept
    NO LIABILITY for damages of any kind.

    These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the IJG
    code, not just to the unmodified library.  If you use our work, you ought
    to acknowledge us.

    Permission is NOT granted for the use of any IJG author's name or company
    name in advertising or publicity relating to this software or products
    derived from it.  This software may be referred to only as "the Independent
    JPEG Group's software".

    We specifically permit and encourage the use of this software as the basis
    of commercial products, provided that all warranty or liability claims are
    assumed by the product vendor.

https://jpegclub.org/reference/about-ijg/

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

zlib is redistributed in binary form as a statically linked dependency to
crc-covlib's binary (crc-covlib.dll).

This license applies to zlib.

    Copyright notice:

    (C) 1995-2024 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler

    This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
    warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
    arising from the use of this software.

    Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
    including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
    freely, subject to the following restrictions:

    1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
        claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
        in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
        appreciated but is not required.
    2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
        misrepresented as being the original software.
    3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

    Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler
    jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu

https://www.zlib.net/

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

libzma is redistributed in binary form as a statically linked dependency to
crc-covlib's binary (crc-covlib.dll).

This license applies to libzma.

    BSD Zero Clause License (0BSD)

    Copyright (C) The XZ Utils authors and contributors

    Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for
    any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL
    WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES
    OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE
    FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY
    DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN
    AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
    OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

http://zlib.net/zlib.html
https://github.com/tukaani-project/xz

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

libdeflate is redistributed in binary form as a statically linked dependency to
crc-covlib's binary (crc-covlib.dll).

This license applies to libdeflate.

    MIT License

    Copyright 2016 Eric Biggers
    Copyright 2024 Google LLC

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
    obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
    (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
    including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
    publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
    and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
    subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
    included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
    EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
    NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
    BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
    ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
    CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.

https://github.com/ebiggers/libdeflate

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

libwebp and libsharpyuv are redistributed in binary form as statically linked
dependencies to crc-covlib's binary (crc-covlib.dll).

This license applies to libwebp and libsharpyuv.

    BSD-3-Clause license

    Copyright (c) 2010, Google Inc. All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
    met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
        the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
        distribution.

    * Neither the name of Google nor the names of its contributors may
        be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
        without specific prior written permission.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
    "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
    LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
    A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
    HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
    SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
    LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
    DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
    THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
    (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
    OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

https://github.com/webmproject/libwebp

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Zstandard, or zstd, is redistributed in binary form as a statically linked
dependency to crc-covlib's binary (crc-covlib.dll).

This license applies to Zstandard.

    BSD License

    For Zstandard software

    Copyright (c) Meta Platforms, Inc. and affiliates. All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * Neither the name Facebook, nor Meta, nor the names of its contributors
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
    without specific prior written permission.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
    AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
    IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
    ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
    LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
    CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
    SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
    INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
    CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
    ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
    POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

https://facebook.github.io/zstd/
https://github.com/facebook/zstd

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LERC (libLerc) is redistributed in binary form as a statically linked
dependency to crc-covlib's binary (crc-covlib.dll).

This license applies to LERC.

    Copyright 2015-2022 Esri

    Apache License - 2.0

    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

    1. Definitions.

    "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
    distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

    "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the
    copyright owner that is granting the License.

    "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other
    entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with
    that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the
    power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such
    entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty
    percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial
    ownership of such entity.

    "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
    permissions granted by this License.

    "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
    including but not limited to software source code, documentation source,
    and configuration files.

    "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation
    or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled
    object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

    "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form,
    made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that
    is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the
    Appendix below).

    "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form,
    that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial
    revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as
    a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License,
    Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or
    merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative
    Works thereof.

    "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original
    version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or
    Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for
    inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal
    Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For the
    purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic,
    verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its
    representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic
    mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that
    are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing
    and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously
    marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a
    Contribution."

    "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on
    behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
    subsequently incorporated within the Work.

    2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
    License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
    non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to
    reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
    sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or
    Object form.

    3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
    License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
    non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in
    this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell,
    import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to
    those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily
    infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their
    Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted.
    If You institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
    cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a
    Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or
    contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to You
    under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such
    litigation is filed.

    4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or
    Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and
    in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

        1. You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a
        copy of this License; and

        2. You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating
        that You changed the files; and

        3. You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You
        distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices 
        from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not
        pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and

        4. If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
        distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
        include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within
        such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any
        part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places:
        within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works;
        within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the
        Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative
        Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The
        contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do
        not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within
        Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to
        the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional
        attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License. You
        may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may
        provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use,
        reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such
        Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and
        distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated
        in this License.

    5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
    Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to
    the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License,
    without any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above,
    nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license
    agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

    6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
    names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except
    as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of
    the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

    7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to
    in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
    Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any
    warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for
    determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and
    assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this
    License.

    8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether
    in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by
    applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to
    in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including
    any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any
    character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or
    inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of
    goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
    other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been
    advised of the possibility of such damages.

    9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the
    Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee
    for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability
    obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in
    accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your
    sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if
    You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any
    liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by
    reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

    END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

https://github.com/Esri/lerc

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

JBIG-KIT (libjbig) is redistributed in binary form as a statically linked
dependency to crc-covlib's binary (crc-covlib.dll).

crc-covlib links to libjbig in order to use functionalities from the LibTIFF
library but without using any of the JBIG encoding functionalities.
Furthermore, crc-covlib's code explicitly prevents from using tiff files with
the JBIG encoding. Therefore it is our understanding that crc-covlib links to
libjbig in the context of a "dependency license".

Extract from https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~mgk25/jbigkit/ on 2024-07-23:

    Dependency licence: We sometimes receive licence enquiries from people who
    want to link their proprietary application software with JBIG-KIT solely to
    satisfy an installation dependency of a precompiled third-party library,
    but whose application software is designed such that it can never actually
    use the JBIG encoding. A common example is the libtiff library on Linux:
    many Linux distributions include that under a BSD-like licence, but
    commonly compile it such that the GPL-licenced JBIG-KIT package also has to
    be installed as a prerequisite, to ensure that libtiff loads without
    dynamic-linking error message. As the author of JBIG-KIT, it is my personal
    opinion that you only need a licence for JBIG-KIT if you actually intend to
    use it to encode or decode JBIG data. If your application software makes
    sure that its users never can actually process JBIG data, in other words if
    the JBIG-KIT code is not actually reachable in the control flow of your
    software, then in my opinion you do not need a licence for JBIG-KIT, even
    if a precompiled JBIG-KIT shipped with the operating system is loaded by
    the operating system's linker for your application. (Should your lawyers
    still be worried, you can ask Cambridge Enterprise to issue a properly
    executed “dependency licence” for a reduced fee.)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

libgcc and libstdc++ are redistributed in binary form as a statically linked
dependency to crc-covlib's binary (crc-covlib.dll).

The libgcc and libstdc++ libraries are covered by GPL-3.0-or-later with
GCC-exception-3.1.

    GCC RUNTIME LIBRARY EXCEPTION

    Version 3.1, 31 March 2009

    Copyright (C) 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>

    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
    license document, but changing it is not allowed.

    This GCC Runtime Library Exception ("Exception") is an additional
    permission under section 7 of the GNU General Public License, version
    3 ("GPLv3"). It applies to a given file (the "Runtime Library") that
    bears a notice placed by the copyright holder of the file stating that
    the file is governed by GPLv3 along with this Exception.

    When you use GCC to compile a program, GCC may combine portions of
    certain GCC header files and runtime libraries with the compiled
    program. The purpose of this Exception is to allow compilation of
    non-GPL (including proprietary) programs to use, in this way, the
    header files and runtime libraries covered by this Exception.

    0. Definitions.

    A file is an "Independent Module" if it either requires the Runtime
    Library for execution after a Compilation Process, or makes use of an
    interface provided by the Runtime Library, but is not otherwise based
    on the Runtime Library.

    "GCC" means a version of the GNU Compiler Collection, with or without
    modifications, governed by version 3 (or a specified later version) of
    the GNU General Public License (GPL) with the option of using any
    subsequent versions published by the FSF.

    "GPL-compatible Software" is software whose conditions of propagation,
    modification and use would permit combination with GCC in accord with
    the license of GCC.

    "Target Code" refers to output from any compiler for a real or virtual
    target processor architecture, in executable form or suitable for
    input to an assembler, loader, linker and/or execution
    phase. Notwithstanding that, Target Code does not include data in any
    format that is used as a compiler intermediate representation, or used
    for producing a compiler intermediate representation.

    The "Compilation Process" transforms code entirely represented in
    non-intermediate languages designed for human-written code, and/or in
    Java Virtual Machine byte code, into Target Code. Thus, for example,
    use of source code generators and preprocessors need not be considered
    part of the Compilation Process, since the Compilation Process can be
    understood as starting with the output of the generators or
    preprocessors.

    A Compilation Process is "Eligible" if it is done using GCC, alone or
    with other GPL-compatible software, or if it is done without using any
    work based on GCC. For example, using non-GPL-compatible Software to
    optimize any GCC intermediate representations would not qualify as an
    Eligible Compilation Process.

    1. Grant of Additional Permission.

    You have permission to propagate a work of Target Code formed by
    combining the Runtime Library with Independent Modules, even if such
    propagation would otherwise violate the terms of GPLv3, provided that
    all Target Code was generated by Eligible Compilation Processes. You
    may then convey such a combination under terms of your choice,
    consistent with the licensing of the Independent Modules.

    2. No Weakening of GCC Copyleft.

    The availability of this Exception does not imply any general
    presumption that third-party software is unaffected by the copyleft
    requirements of the license of GCC.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contains information licensed under the Open Government Licence – Canada.

The data/terrain-elev-samples/NRCAN_CDEM/ directory contains Canadian Digital
Elevation Model (CDEM) sample(s) from Natural Resources Canada licensed under
the Open Government Licence - Canada.

The data/surface-elev-samples/NRCAN_CDSM/ directory contains Canadian Digital
Surface Model (CDSM) sample(s) from Natural Resources Canada licensed under the
Open Government Licence - Canada.

The data/terrain-elev-samples/NRCAN_HRDEM_DTM/ and
data/surface-elev-samples/NRCAN_HRDEM_DSM/ directories contain High Resolution
Digital Elevation Model (HRDEM) sample(s) from Natural Resources Canada
licensed under the Open Government Licence - Canada.

The data/terrain-elev-samples/custom/ directory contains a custom data sample
that was produced using the Canadian Digital Elevation Model (CDEM) product.

    Open Government Licence - Canada

    You are encouraged to use the Information that is available under this
    licence with only a few conditions.

    Using Information under this licence
      * Use of any Information indicates your acceptance of the terms below.
      * The Information Provider grants you a worldwide, royalty-free,
        perpetual, non-exclusive licence to use the Information, including for
        commercial purposes, subject to the terms below.

    You are free to:
      * Copy, modify, publish, translate, adapt, distribute or otherwise use
        the Information in any medium, mode or format for any lawful purpose.
    
    You must, where you do any of the above:
      * Acknowledge the source of the Information by including any attribution
        statement specified by the Information Provider(s) and, where possible,
        provide a link to this licence.
      * If the Information Provider does not provide a specific attribution
        statement, or if you are using Information from several information
        providers and multiple attributions are not practical for your product
        or application, you must use the following attribution statement:
        Contains information licensed under the Open Government Licence –
        Canada.

    The terms of this licence are important, and if you fail to comply with any
    of them, the rights granted to you under this licence, or any similar
    licence granted by the Information Provider, will end automatically.

    Exemptions
    This licence does not grant you any right to use:
      * Personal Information;
      * third party rights the Information Provider is not authorized to
        license;
      * the names, crests, logos, or other official symbols of the Information
        Provider; and
      * Information subject to other intellectual property rights, including
        patents, trade-marks and official marks.

    Non-endorsement
    This licence does not grant you any right to use the Information in a way
    that suggests any official status or that the Information Provider endorses
    you or your use of the Information.

    No Warranty
    The Information is licensed “as is”, and the Information Provider excludes
    all representations, warranties, obligations, and liabilities, whether
    express or implied, to the maximum extent permitted by law.
    The Information Provider is not liable for any errors or omissions in the
    Information, and will not under any circumstances be liable for any direct,
    indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or other loss, injury or
    damage caused by its use or otherwise arising in connection with this
    licence or the Information, even if specifically advised of the possibility
    of such loss, injury or damage.

    Governing Law
    This licence is governed by the laws of the province of Ontario and the
    applicable laws of Canada.
    Legal proceedings related to this licence may only be brought in the courts
    of Ontario or the Federal Court of Canada.

    Definitions
    In this licence, the terms below have the following meanings:

      "Information"
      means information resources protected by copyright or other information
      that is offered for use under the terms of this licence.

      "Information Provider"
      means His Majesty the King in right of Canada.

      “Personal Information”
      means “personal information” as defined in section 3 of the Privacy Act,
      R.S.C. 1985, c. P-21.

      "You"
      means the natural or legal person, or body of persons corporate or
      incorporate, acquiring rights under this licence.

    Versioning
    This is version 2.0 of the Open Government Licence – Canada. The
    Information Provider may make changes to the terms of this licence from
    time to time and issue a new version of the licence. Your use of the
    Information will be governed by the terms of the licence in force as of the
    date you accessed the information.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The data/surface-elev-samples/SRTMGL1/ and data/surface-elev-samples/SRTMGL30/
directories contain Shuttle Radar Topography Mission Global 1 arc second
(SRTMGL1) and 30 arc second (SRTMGL30) public domain data samples, distributed
by NASA's Land Processes Distributed Active Archive Center (LP DAAC).

    NASA JPL. NASA Shuttle Radar Topography Mission Global 1 arc second.
    2013, distributed by NASA EOSDIS Land Processes Distributed Active Archive
    Center, https://doi.org/10.5067/MEaSUREs/SRTM/SRTMGL1.003.
    Accessed 2023-08-25.

    NASA JPL. NASA Shuttle Radar Topography Mission Global 30 arc second.
    2013, distributed by NASA EOSDIS Land Processes Distributed Active Archive
    Center, https://doi.org/10.5067/MEaSUREs/SRTM/SRTMGL30.002.
    Accessed 2023-08-28.

Extract from https://lpdaac.usgs.gov/data/data-citation-and-policies/ on 
2024-08-22:

    All LP DAAC current data and products acquired through the LP DAAC have no
    restrictions on reuse, sale, or redistribution.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The data/land-cover-samples/ESA_Worldcover/ directory contains land cover data
sample(s) from the ESA WorldCover project under the Creative Commons
Attribution 4.0 International License. No modification were made to the
original file(s).

    © ESA WorldCover project 2021 / Contains modified Copernicus Sentinel data
    (2021) processed by ESA WorldCover consortium.

    Zanaga, D., Van De Kerchove, R., Daems, D., De Keersmaecker, W., Brockmann,
    C., Kirches, G., Wevers, J., Cartus, O., Santoro, M., Fritz, S., Lesiv, M.,
    Herold, M., Tsendbazar, N.E., Xu, P., Ramoino, F., Arino, O., 2022. ESA
    WorldCover 10 m 2021 v200. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7254221.

    CC BY 4.0 (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

    You are free to:
      Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format for
      any purpose, even commercially.
      
      Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose,
      even commercially.
      
      The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the
      license terms.

    Under the following terms:
      Attribution — You must give appropriate credit , provide a link to the
      license, and indicate if changes were made . You may do so in any
      reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses
      you or your use.
      
      No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or
      technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything
      the license permits.

    Notices:
      You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material
      in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable
      exception or limitation .

      No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the
      permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights
      such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the
      material.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The data/itu-radio-climatic-zones/ directory contains files that were produced
using public domain data from the following third-party sources:

    NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, Ocean Ecology Laboratory, Ocean Biology
    Processing Group; Distance to the Nearest Coast data.
    https://oceancolor.gsfc.nasa.gov/docs/distfromcoast/
    Accessed on December 2022.

    Natural Earth. Free vector and raster map data @ naturalearthdata.com.

    Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM) 30 arcseconds data.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
