[Français](./README_FR.md)

# C++ examples

## How to run examples

From an example's directory, you may use one of the following command:
```bash
make [CONFIG={debug|release}] # Build crc-covlib and example program (default CONFIG is release).

make rebuild [CONFIG={debug|release}] # Rebuild crc-covlib and example program (default CONFIG is release).

make run # Run the example program once built.

make clean # Delete files generated by the build process or by running the example.
```

## Examples description

### antenna-pattern
Example showing usage of an antenna pattern file and other antenna parameters.

### area-results-comparison
Example comparing results from two different simulations. The reception area of a third Simulation object is used to store and export the difference between the two simulations.

### hello-covlib-dynamic-link
Simple example showing how to instantiate the Simulation class and call one of its methods. Dynamically links crc-covlib to the executable file.

### hello-covlib-static-link
Another simple example showing how to instantiate the Simulation class and call one of its methods. Statically links crc-covlib to the executable file (works under Linux only).

### iturp1812-landcover
Example using the ITU-R P.1812 propagation model to generate a coverage. It uses both terrain elevation (HRDEM DTM) and land cover (ESA WorldCover) data.

### iturp1812-surface
Another example using the ITU-R P.1812 propagation model to generate a coverage, but this one uses surface elevation data (following the method described in Annex 1, section 3.2.2 of ITU-R P.1812-7) instead of land cover data.

### iturp452v17
Example using the ITU-R P.452-17 propagation model to generate a coverage. It uses both terrain elevation (CDEM) and land cover (ESA WorldCover) data.

### iturp452v18
Example using the ITU-R P.452-18 propagation model to generate a coverage. It uses both terrain elevation (CDEM) and land cover (ESA WorldCover) data.

### secondary-terrain-elev-source
Example demonstrating the use of a secondary terrain elevation data source when generating a coverage. When terrain elevation data is missing from the primary source, the secondary source is automatically used as a backup mechanism.

### terrain-elev-cdem
Example generating both a high resolution and low resolution Longley-Rice coverage using CDEM (Canadian Digital Elevation Model) data.

### terrain-elev-custom
Example generating a Longley-Rice coverage using crc-covlib's custom format for terrain elevation data.

### terrain-elev-hrdem
Example generating a Longley-Rice coverage using high resolution terrain elevation data (1 meter) from Natural Resources Canada.

### terrain-elev-srtm
Example generating a Longley-Rice coverage using NASA's Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM) data as terrain elevation data source.

### topography-exports
Verify that crc-covlib is reading terrain elevation, land cover and surface elevation correctly by exporting read data to raster files (.bil format).
